In the last lecture we created our first project with the N-G new command.
Now I opened it in web store.
The idea was in this course again you may use Microsoft wishlists studio code as a free alternative
or editrix like Sublime Text or Adam.
Now that CD project folder which was carried by the Seelye And as you can see it's far from being empty.
No worries though it's easy to work with it.
Let's go through the folders and files which were created.
The folder is used for end to end testing.
No one covered us here so we may just ignore it.
No module's as in react in future module simply stores all our dependencies so all the package has views
that STA angle of FREYBERG itself but also a couple of development dependencies and other dependencies
off the angle of framework the source folder is where we will actually work in and.
Well there are a lot of files.
But I will come back and explain what these do.
No worries.
We need to work with just some of them.
Now the falls down here something configure our project and typically you don't need to change anything
there.
You can change something about the anger or Sealab project how your editor behaves.
And interesting of course the package touch base in which lists all our dependencies and development
dependencies as you can see quite a lot but that is related to this workflow we need for Angle or where
we need to compile typescript which is why you find that here and some other things.
So let's close data lets focus on the source folder.
As I said this is where we will write our code specifically we mostly work in the app folder there and
here we can see this app component which is one of the key features or things of an angle or app.
I will come back to it to quickly walk you from the folders and files.
Assets is a folder where you could store images or any of the assets you want to use in your anger project
environments is a folder where you can define some environment variables.
If you don't know what that is probably don't need it to put it like this.
The other files here are also some configuration.
The index HDMI of course is important.
It is a single page which gets surfed with that.
Angular is really great at creating single page applications.
Actually that's the only thing it can do.
So this is our single page and we don't really need to work in that index HVM outfall we create our
app in our files.
Here's one important thing though.
This app root tag which is not a normal HVM I'll take two which I'll come back to the main Katia's file
is important because it holds the code which gets started first.
And that's just something you need to know.
This is to code which gets first executed when your code in the end is bundled and compiled and shipped
to the browser.
And what this code basically does is it starts our angular app again and we'll come back to this starting
process and how an angler or app actually works in the next lecture.
Phil simply add some Poley folds up or allows you to comment in some Holyfield's you might need to make
it work across all browsers but by default it should work fine and well Stout's don't see CSSA important
file which allows you to Clovelly define some styles for your app.
So if you want to set up some styles which are applied to your whole app that would be the place to
do it.
Enough about these Fahd's let's focus on this app folder and I understand what the app component is
what the module is and how it all works together and how the angle or app actually gets started.